so let's talk about football and again
you are you looking forward to your
first proper game than in charge of
breakfast order yes of course it's
fantastic a lot of family over this it
is you get my own family comes in there
two hours now friends are coming over
distress coming over so it you see the
importance of the first game who's games
always good and especially you play at
home so I'm very fairly excited about
that yeah when are you settled do you
know you're starting eleven because
obviously we place John my to may be
unsettled also some injuries are you do
you know in your mind who you're going
to start with yeah I don't mind you
train today and a half against 11 so the
players also know we've started to the
chance of clearing everyone yeah and
what sort of challenge mei obviously
Ipswich for another side that you know
we're challenging last season I mean
this would be a good test for a slightly
new different-looking brentford this
time yeah but I think there's a lot of
players also in squad who played last
year's using over here so a bit
different but not not another love
ginger thing and yeah what's who gained
from if it last week against you just
left in the game
on the laptop and a strong side good
organization in defending difficult to
play third direct so this difficult I
think but the I think two good teams
last season 45 and 60 I think this close
game mmm taking joy Douglas may have
given him a little a bit of an insight
knowledge yes normally you're a mensch
you ask that some of things does normal
so yeah I think sure as you say it
support of you your daughter to your
wife coming over this is that there's
that'd be a nice day for you to have
them for them to see on your team in
action yes of course the coming this
afternoon to this table to reach over
that is good and final embroiders coming
tomorrow french is thermally coming so
sad without French come Saturday so it's
good and they they show interest and
they come over to watch they are also
very exciting so it's good it's very
good